added floating scan and print support for newlib nano and allow combining nosys and nano specs (#214)
ObKo/stm32-cmake: README.md

So, if you don't need linker script, you can link only `CMSIS::STM32::<TYPE>` library and provide your own script using `stm32_add_linker_script` function

***Note**: For H7 family, because of it multi-cores architecture, all H7 targets also have a suffix (::M7 or ::M4).
For example, targets created for STM32H747BI will look like `CMSIS::STM32::H7::M7`,
`CMSIS::STM32::H7::M4`, `CMSIS::STM32::H747BI::M7`, `CMSIS::STM32::H747BI::M4`, etc.*

The GCC C/C++ standard libraries are added by linking the library `STM32::NoSys`. This will add
the `--specs=nosys.specs` to compiler and linker flags.
If you want to use C++ on MCUs with little flash, you might instead want to link the newlib-nano to
reduce the code size. You can do so by linking `STM32::Nano`, which will add the
`--specs=nano.specs` flags to both compiler and linker.
Keep in mind that when using `STM32::Nano`, by default you cannot use floats in printf/scanf calls,
and you have to provide implementations for several OS interfacing

> functions (`_sbrk`, `_close`, `_fstat`, and others). You can enable IO floating point support with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions (`_sbrk`, `_close`, `_fstat`, and others). You can enable printf/scanf floating point support with
```

I had some hard time figuring out IO. I suppose readme should be as easy as possible.
